Support root middleware from plugins (#48678)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow-core/docs/administration-and-deployment/plugins.rst

        macros = []
        # A list of Blueprint object created from flask.Blueprint. For use with the flask_appbuilder based GUI
        flask_blueprints = []

>         # A list of dictionaries contanning FastAPI app object and some metadata. See example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # A list of dictionaries containing FastAPI app objects and some metadata. See the example below.
```

        fastapi_apps = []

>         # A list of dictionaries contanning FastAPI middlwerare factory object and some metadata. See example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # A list of dictionaries containing FastAPI middleware factory objects and some metadata. See the example below.
```
